{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21820\viewh15480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Process\
\
Screenshot from auction gallery. Painting sold for $45,000,000? Dang.\
\
Crop nicely in PS. Looks like there\'92s some slight distortion in the photo and or the picture has changed over time. Maybe a bow in the top?\
\
Measure with ruler. Nope, this is going to be terrible and hard to track.\
\
What about a grid? Figure out how to change grid dimension. What to set to? Measure smallest dimension\'8533px. Set PS grid to base unit of 33px. Gah! Too many lines. Set to 132 with 4 sub divisions. Much better.\
\
Make grid. Snap, if this is going on my personal portfolio site, it needs to a sub grid. Can I just put another grid? Yes. But how to I make it size right? Set width to main grid width. Height? This should be set to whatever the width is. How do to that with CSS? Google it\'85 nothing productive. Tried a few things, nothing worked when scaled.\
\
Proposed solution: set height to width programmatically with JS as width scales up and down.\
\
Filling in squares. Red, black, white, white, white, oh crap. Is this a half unit? How could I miss that??? 33 px isn\'92t base size. It is 16.5. Uff. Ok, so take all grid column / row start / end figures I\'92ve already put in and multiply by 2.\
\
Ah no, the blue rectangle is wrong. It is missing a little width. I\'92ll have to go through and check everything. Do it now? Yes, do it now.\
\
Ok, go back to beginnging and rest photoshop grid to 132 with 8 sub divs. Sets base square at 16.5px.\
\
Oh, ok I see I can\'92t just multiply the values I had because grid has funny end units, they are all too big by 1. Going through a little more methodically now.\
\
Ok done!\
\
But, the colors look bad. Let\'92s fix them. Sample from the photoshop image. A perfect place for using css vars in case I ever want to adjust them again.\
\
Woah, the white is pretty much grey. Let\'92s fix that. On grey it has some strange optical stuff going on with the contrast. Set to one notch below pure white. Can\'92t tell a difference, just set to white.\
\
Ok, let\'92s scale the high programmatically now please.\
\
Ok now actually done :)\
\
}