{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Pop Buddhism for Westerners, written with lots of cursing.\
\
The greatest strength of this book is that it is culturally relatable and reads well for people who have attention span issues. I found myself enjoying the book and resonating with a lot of it and feeling more emotional impact from it than Buddhist books that are closer to the intellectual source material.\
\
When I went back to see if I could cohesively summarize the book I found that logical reasoning and progressive arguments are not a strong point of this book. Each sentence stands well enough on its own, but the order is all wrong. To cut through the mess I\'92ve substantially rewritten the order and given Mark Mansons arguments new titles.\
\
Chapter 1\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 You Can\'92t Not Care\ulnone \
\
There\'92s a name for a person who finds no emotion or meaning in anything: a psychopath. This is not the meaning of not giving a fuck.\
\
It\'92s part of our biology to always care about something and therefore to always give a fuck. When a person has no problems, the mind automatically find a way to invent some.\
\
\ul Ignoring Social Pressure\ulnone \
\
People who feign indifference people are afraid of the world and the repercussion of their own choices. That\'92s why they don\'92t make any meaningful choices.\
\
Not giving a fuck does not mean being indifferent; it means being comfortable with being different.\
\
You can\'92t be an important and life-changing presence for some people without also being a joke and an embarrassment to others.\
\
Relevant reference: social acceptance mammoth. \
\
\ul Limit Your Care\
\ulnone \
Most of us struggle throughout our lives by not giving too many fucks in situations where fucks do not deserve to be given. We give too many fucks about the rude gas station attendant who gave us our change in nickels. We give too many fucks when a show liked was cancelled on TV. We give too many fucks when our coworkers don\'92t bother asking us about our awesome weekend.\
\
We have a limited number of things we can give a fuck about. Reserve your fucks for something meaningful [to you]. Being mature is becoming more selective about the fucks we\'92re willing to give.\
\
The idea of not giving a fuck is a simple way of reorienting our expectations for life and choosing what is important and what is not.\
\
\ul Enjoying Your Adversity\
\
\ulnone There\'92s no such thing as lack of adversity. That\'92s perfectly fine. The point isn\'92t to get away from shit. The point is to find the shit you enjoy dealing with.\
\
\ul Life Isn\'92t Perfect and That\'92s OK\
\
\ulnone When we believe that it\'92s not oak for things to suck sometimes, then we unconsciously start blaming ourselves. We start to feel as through something is inherently wrong with us, which drives us to all sorts of overcompensation, like buying forty parts of shoes or downing Xanax with a vodka chasing on a Tuesday night or shooting up a school bus full of kids.\
\
\ul Practical Enlightenment\
\
\ulnone I see practical enlightenment as becoming comfortable with the idea that some suffering is always inevitable - that no matter what you do, life is comprised of failures, loss, regrets, and even death.}